warning Pro armored doors do not
guarantee safety you must always wear
the proper safety gear including
seatbelts and helmets if any doors come
open at any time you need to stop
immediately return at a safe speed to a
safe place and determine the cause if no
cause is determined do not operate the
vehicle please contact pro Armour if you
should have any questions regarding
installing or operating your slam latch
kit please call us at one eight eight
eight three one two seven six six seven
preparation and installation the slam
latches are designed to fit between the
roll cage a pillar and the aluminum
bracket of the pro armored door frame
layout all of the components that come
in the kit and verify that everything is
correct according to the parts list
tools required 14 millimeter socket and
ratchet for cage bolts 14 millimeter
wrench for cage bolts 10 millimeter
socket and ratchet for slam latch bolts
10 millimeter wrench for slam latch and
button head nuts 5/8 wrench for slam
latch pin 15 16 or adjustable wrench for
Jam nut 4 millimeter allen wrench for
button head bolts take one of the rotary
latches two of the hex head bolts and
hex nuts
installing the latch on one of the slam
latch brackets driver or passenger and
repeat on the other side
remove and discard the two flanged head
bolts that are currently installed in
the pro armored doorframe and the a
pillar of the vehicle driver or
passenger depending on what site you are
installing retain the two nuts sandwich
the slam latch bracket between the door
and the a pillar then loosely install
two of the flanged hex head bolts for
your slam latch kit reusing the nuts
from the a color take one slam latch pin
and one five-eighths jam nut then screw
the nut all the way on the pin leaving
it loose repeat for the other pin
install the slam latch pin into the
welded tab on the door until the door is
able to closed without the pin
interfering with the door frame bracket
warning close the door so that the latch
pin is fully locked and engaged making
sure there is no play in the release
lever with the slam latch loosely
installed you can now start to align the
latch pin with a slant latch
warning adjust the latch pin by screwing
it either in or out until the latch pin
head protrudes through the slam latch
but does not interfere with the door
frame or the slam latched itself if
needed
move the slam latch bracket forward or
backwards to align the latch pin with
the door shut and no binding at the slam
latch and pin begin tightening the two
flanged hex head bolts at the a-pillar
tighten all of the hardware making sure
to tighten the jam nut on the latch pin
and all of the hardware connecting the
rotary latch to the slam latch bracket
cycle the door open and shut to verify
that the latch fully engages when the
door is shut and that there is no
binding once the final position of the
bracket has been determined and the door
functions properly you can drill a
quarter inch hole into the aluminum door
frame bracket at the a-pillar
to match the hole provided in the slam
latch bracket once the hole is drilled
take one button head bolt and one nylock
flanged hex nut installing them through
the door frame bracket and the slam
latch bracket